{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12900\viewh10500\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Waitkey Notes
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
waitkey_demo_01.py\
  This demo waits for key press, then prints key value.\
  cv2 functions: ord, imread, imshow, waitKey\
\
waitkey_demo_02.py\
  This demo uses a loop to read multiple key presses.\
\
waitkey_demo_03.py\
  This demo also uses loop to read multiple key presses.\
  In this demo the loop runs keeps running whether or not\
  the user presses a key.\
\
key_play.py\
  This demo plays a sounds whenever the user presses a key.\
  The waitKey command is used to detect when the user presses a key. \
\
cv2 is a Python library for computer vision using OpenCV. \
\
In these demos, we use cv2 for the purpose of its 'waitKey' command. cv2 can detect when a key on the keyboard is pressed using the function cv2.waitKey.  To use this function, an image should first be displayed on the screen.  The waitKey function waits for a specified amount of time for a key to be pressed.  waitKey(10) will wait for up to 10 milliseconds. If no key is pressed during that time, then waitKey returns a value of -1.  If a key is pressed, then waitKey returns a corresponding key number.  waitKey(0) will wait forever for a key to be pressed.\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://opencv-python-tutroals.readthedocs.io/en/latest/py_tutorials/py_gui/py_image_display/py_image_display.html"}}{\fldrslt https://opencv-python-tutroals.readthedocs.io/en/latest/py_tutorials/py_gui/py_image_display/py_image_display.html}}\
\
To installing cv2:\
\
pip3 install opencv-python\
or\
pip install opencv-python\
or\
sudo pip3 install opencv-python\
or\
sudo pip install opencv-python\
\
python -m pip install --user opencv-python\
or\
python3 -m pip install --user opencv-python}